Okay. so do you feel
that your band
formed part of what some people
call the...
Your band? Excuse me?
- The band.
Sorry.
Paul. my question is for you.
Do you feel that the band.
The Fantomes.
formed part of what some people
call the Post Punk movement
or did you guys
just come out of nowhere?
Paul?
Well. what about you?
- I don't have an opinion.
- Really?
So you don't have an opinion
about the allegations
of girls who've said that
you've attacked them?
That's just noise.
- Just noise?
- Just noise.
Then there's no truth
in that noise?
Ah. gosh!!
Because there've been some very
serious allegations!!
Okay. that's it.
Can I ask you a quick question?
Yeah.
So. why did you decide
to go on the road?
Oh. no. I'm not.
I'm not with the group.
No. I know. I know. I know.
I know. but I just wanted
to know a little bit about you
and your world
and your passions and interests.
Why do I have to go anywhere?
Wow. you made this?
Ah. shit.
some girl gave that to me
to give to them
and then they canceled the show.
She's gonna kill me.
I... I don't know how many hours
she spent on that thing.
You know. I know somebody
that tours with them.
I can give it to 'em.
With The Fantomes?
I don't know.
I mean. it might be valuable.
I... I was thinking
of just framing it.
Waiting.
How long have you been here?
Okay. stay here.
Okay. okay.
Who are you?
Viena.
That's not your real name
though.
She know the rules?
What's this?
Just a drawing
- Fuck! Did you do this?
- Yeah.
Back in he day.
'Cause you're special. right?
You guys just keep multiplying.
Did you do this? What is this?
So this goes to Freddy
and those go to Albert.
Albert who sleeps
with...
Madge. And Madge
is the boss around here.
So don't fuck with her.
Hey. help me out
with this.
Yeah. of course.
- And you are?
- Her name is Viena.
She's helping us out.
- Hey.
- Hi. Nice to meet you.
You have to return those.
Boyer and his friends
are staying on the trucks.
Madge. can you come and check
this out?
- Yeah one second. baby.
- Now!
Almost no one got a room.
So the leeches are gonna be
with us tonight. probably.
- Who're the leeches?
- Hey. hey. you. Right there!
Put that bag back inside.
right now. Who are you?
They told me to bring it down.
I'm sorry.
Yeah?
Who the fuck told you that?
How do you do it?
How do you survive this place?
Uh... it's easy.
You just... just pretend
to be busy.
try not to say no.
stay out of everyone's way.
There's always a dog
that everybody walks all over.
Don't be that.
And don't clean toilets.
Light here.
I wrote your favorite...
No. wait. wait. wait.
- You're fuckin' it up now.
- Don't...
- Please. don't do that.
- Oh. my God. calm down.
She's definitely not
a cover though.
- You tried.
- Yo. what's your name?
- Viena.
- Can we have it?
What's the point now?
- Oh. my God. please stop.
- You'll make another one.
I mean. it's all fucked up.
Oh. don't be so dramatic.
it's not fucking tragedy.
- Susi.
- Hey. that was good.
Hey. don't take it like that.
She's. uh. she's just like that
sometimes.
Viena...
What's your favorite song?
"Two Black Dots."
Okay.
You make us another drawing
and I'll play that song
tomorrow for you.
How'd you like that?
Cheer up.
Anyway. so it's like the middle
of the concert
and Albert. like. jumps up
and starts hanging
from the speaker that's above
him. and the speaker
just like breaks.
like. something snaps
and he gets electrocuted
and like falls to the ground
and we're. like. holy shit.
like. he's dead.
Like. it's over. He's dead.
Hey. what's your name?
- Uh. Vivian.
- Vivian? Cool.
- You with them?
- What?
- You with the band too. right?
- Uh. yeah.
- Great parties and all. right?
- Yeah.
- How do you get accepted?
- What?
- How do you get in?
- Oh. y... you're invited.
- And who do you know?
- Oh. uh. I gotta go.
- I'm sorry.
- Okay.
What?
It's fine. it's fine.
It's fine. come on.
Uh. this place
is a mess.
Hey!
Hey. um. so...
Uh. Susi. um...
she brought us. uh.
some of these beers.
If you want one...
What. y... you don't like
to have fun?
- Not your kinda fun.
- Yeah. I'm not talkin' to you.
You were so rude to me
the other day and now you wanna
come in here
and offer me a drink?
Um. hey. why don't you.
like. take a sip of this.
No. I'm not gonna drink
from your shitty little flask.
Okay. alright.
Alright. so why don't we like
quit with this bullshit
and why don't you just fucking
take a sip.
- And stop being a bitch.
- I don't want to.
Yeah. why don't you just fuckin'
take one sip.
- Hey. stop! Stop it!
- Dude!
Come on. why don't you just
leave? You're being a creep.
Boyer. come on.
get the fuck out!
- Bitch. I'm gonna fuck you up!
- Dude!
- Back the fuck off.
- Get out.
Get out! You're being
a fuckin' asshole!
Get out!
Fucking hate that guy!
- Oh-ho! Dude! No way.
- What?
- It's her tape!
- Oh. my God!
What is it?
This crazy bitch
that almost put
Freddy and Albert in jail.
She's like 16
and they were drunk
and she said that they tried
to drown her in a Jacuzzi.
Then there were like cops
hanging around for a while
and then one day randomly
she just dropped the charges.
Freddy.
I made this tape for you.
You found me. insult me
with your purity
and now I realize you never
wanted to kill me.
You wanted to save me.
So tonight. I'm going to finish
what you started...
to this song.
My favorite song.
Hi.
Yo. where's the kid?
Come on. come on. we need you.
- What for?
- Boyer picked a fight.
We gotta go get his back.
come on. man.
Come on. go!
Boyer. you fucking retard?
How did you let this happen?
This ain't my fault. okay?
He wanted to fight!
Hey. you!
You fuckin' wanna fight?
Answer me.
You wanted to fight?
It's not his fault.
Hey. Keyes. you alright?
Honestly. I don't know what
the fuss is about. I spit blood.
Mother fucker.
did I tell you to do that?
Did I tell you to do that?
Don't fuck with me right now.
Did I tell you to fuckin'
do that?
Are you okay?
Thank you.
Okay. he said he didn't tell him
to fight.
- So. let's just...
- Hey. did I say shit?
- Did I say anything?
- Come on. come on.
- Come on.
Please leave.
This is not what we do.
You see...
it's just a little...
Looks good.
- Who told you though?
- Okay. let's go out.
Ice it. disinfect the wound.
Then I'm buying both of you
a drink.
Well. at least
I got us invited.
Shut the fuck up!
We'll go in the back.
About fuckin' time.
Come on. hurry up.
Goddamn!
How much money
did we spend tonight?
Let go. Al.
What... what if
they come outside.
There's nobody here.
Hey!
- No! No! No!
- No?
- No. no. no.
Hey!
Get the fuck out of my pool!
I'm callin' the police.
Albert's gonna do it.
I'm not doing it.
They came all the way
from Norway. just a minute.
Can I get some privacy in here?
I have to go.
Go away. Viena.
You're ruining my shower.
I can't have a moments peace.
- Go away.
- Stop!
- Get out!
- What?
- Now. you're gonna get wet.
- Stop it.
- Please go. Viena.
- No!
- No! Stop it!
- Go away!
Viena.
- Hi.
What're you doin'?
Just doin' some numbers
for Madge.
Oh. yeah?
At what point are you gonna
clean the grill?
I said I would get someone
to clean the grill
I'm not doing it right now.
I'm busy with this.
Everyone has to do more
than one job. you know.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. what?
Yeah. I know.
I do more than a hundred jobs.
Susi.
Okay. you know what.
when you finish
I need you to clean this mess
and that bathroom.
Sorry?
I'm telling you that when you're
done with your job
to clean the bathroom.
- I can't do that.
- Really?
It's not gonna happen.
So you're basically telling me
to go fuck myself?
I'm not saying that.
I'm just saying
I'm not gonna clean
the bathroom. It's not my job.
Your job is to do
what you're told.
Alright. it's done.
Get out. you're fired.
Get out!
I'm serious I just talked to the
boys. You have an hour to leave.
You want to be a fuckin' badass.
right?
Hey! What're you doing?
- She fired me.
- Wha... Who? Susi?
Wait. wait.
no. no. no. no. no.
She doesn't have the power
to fire you.
We should go talk
to the boys about this.
Will you talk to me. please?
Where the fuck are you...
Hey. listen. can you just clean
the fucking bathroom?
Viena. wait. you can't just not
talk to me about this.
V. where the fuck
are you gonna go?
- Hey. where you goin'?
- Away.
- Why?
- I'm fired.
- How?
- It was me.
She has to go. all she wants
to do is have fun and not work
and we can't afford
to have people like that.
It's bullshit!
A lot of people here
want you out.
Okay? We work. we work hard.
That's what we do.
Okay.
Hey. Viena. stop.
Just stop.
Can I talk to you?
You wanna drop the bag?
Keyes. just take the bags back
to the room?
Don't you fucking dare!
Susi.
God-fucking-dammit.
Freddy!
- Is this what you want?
- Oh!
The toasters going
to the highway.
You fucker. Freddy!
- This is the end.
- Is this what you want?
I just don't know what's fucking
keeping me here.
I really know you're pushing me
out the fucking door!
Do you want me to leave?
Is this what you want?
I've done everything
you've ever asked me to do!
What haven't I done for you?
God damn it. Freddy!
Is...
- Is he coming over here?
- Oh. fuck. Shit.
Hey.
Now. you better lock your doors.
tonight the devil is out.
You got any beer?
Yeah.
Thanks.
Why am I not pissed off?
- When am I not pissed?
- Mm-hm.
Hey. come on. not here.
You got all these places
to ride.
can you ride somewhere else.
please?
God damn!
She's here.
she's just standing there...
Fuck it. I said
I don't wanna do it. Madge.
- Um. do you want one of these?
- Not now. Viena.
- What do you have?
- Turkey sandwiches.
Are you okay?
No. I'm not. I feel terrible.
I'm sorry.
It's okay. alright?
It's not your fault.
It's not all about you.
Are you kidding me?
That's pretty good.
- Alright.
- Hey.
You guys. um... doing
well?
- Good day?
- Yep.
Can. uh. can you leave
us alone for a second please?
- Two minutes.
- Sure.
Thank you.
Do you know what you're doing?
What?
You want him. Right?
You want him.
There's nothing wrong with him.
But that what's happening.
I... I don't think you should
get mixed with him.
I... I don't want you to get
mixed up with Freddy.
I know you think it's a good
idea. but it's not.
I mean. I don't think you can
help him or us.
Do you understand?
Oh. fuck. Hey. move away
from the amp.
Over there.
Freddy!
He's in the bathroom.
Hell no. No. no. no. no. no.
Get out.
- I'm not doing anything.
- Get out.
I'm not doing anything.
It's you.
- Go on. go. go. go.
- It's you.
It's all you...
So why. Viena?
Some of my friends
call me Viena.
But it's not my name.
My name is Julia.
You know we are almost broke.
right. Julia?
Don't call me that... please.
But. yeah. I heard some Monroe
guy has all your money.
You know the money people say.
you can't play
without any money.
but who needs money to play?
I'm sorry.
I know.
Ah. we're gonna
fuck up that kid.
Paul?
Well. what about you?
I don't have an opinion.
Really?
You don't have opinion
about the allegations
of girls who've said
that you've attacked them.
What is that?
- You've got to end it with him.
- What?
You've got to end it with him.
Who?
Your guy.
What guy? Keyes?
Yeah. that guy.
He's not my guy.
I mean I like him.
but he's not my guy.
Well. I think
you gotta stop that.
I don't even really talk to him.
You see...
if we do this...
we should do it.
Okay?
The right way.
End it. please.
You're serious?
Okay.
Hey. Can I talk to Keyes
for two seconds?
Why? I mean it's about to be
my turn it just...
- I mean you can just say it.
- Just two seconds.
- Okay. fine. Can you pause it?
- There's no pause. man.
Sorry. no pause. Gotta wait.
Come on.
Viena just turned your victory
to shit. so none of this counts.
I'm about to beat myself...
and my own record.
Um...
I just wanted to say that
I'm. I'm with Freddy now.
Okay.
It's done.
And?
And what?
Well. what did he say?
He didn't say anything.
He said it was okay.
What?
That's what he said.
He said. "Okay."
Just like that?
Fuck.
That... that's fucking worse than
weird and...
- Why is that weird?
- Can you just go. please?
You know. just to me
"Okay" is bullshit.
Like suppose. you know. this was
me and there was this guy
and he just says. he says
there's this girl
you like man. right.
This... this fucking skank.
She getting passed around.
You know. I can only take that
one fucking way!
Hey. Keyes. man.
Yo. can you open
the equipment box?
In the back.
That's it?
Uh. yeah.
Alright.
Do you want this anywhere?
Anywhere is fine.
- This one?
- Anywhere.
- Here?
- Sure.
How are you?
Don't patronize me.
Okay.
How are you?
Fine.
How's the sex?
What?
Viena.
how's the sex?
- It's good.
- It sounded good.
No. man.
I'm telling you.
We need to ditch Monroe.
That is... That's it.
He's a fucking thief.
But. Freddy...
it's a good thing.
We agree on this. right?
How are are supposed
to travel
twenty-five hundred miles
in four days?
All I'm saying is
we should buy plane tickets.
With what?
Paul?
What do you say?
I say we talk to Monroe.
I know. I think we have
to behave like a band.
Freddy...
Madge. I'm gonna blow up
in a second.
Freddy.
Enough of this.
I'm calling him.
Al. truly...
clean up in here.
It's just...
Viena. can you have the kids
come and clean this up?
- I'll do it.
- Jesus fucking Christ.
It's not connecting.
- Hey. lady.
- Hey.
Hey. I... I need you to get your
little friends
out of my office.
Yeah. I'm sorry. I'll try
and talk to them about that.
Yeah. You do that.
- Hello!
- Hi. What's up?
- Princess.
- Hello. princess.
Ooh. what the fuck is this?
- Oh. my God!
- What the fuck is that?
No! I don't want it.
Viena. we found this. like.
bowling alley last night
and Rebecca is like.
national champion best bowler.
She beat. like.
all the locals.
She was so good.
She was so good though.
it was amazing.
And I was. like.
speaking Hebrew the whole time.
It's just...
- We won a motorcycle.
- You did?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. We won...
We won a motorcycle.
It's outside. It could be
a piece of shit.
Oh. no. no. It's gonna
work. We should play on it.
Let's go!
Let's go! Let's go!
I really don't know
if this thing's gonna work.
It works. It works.
You did not know that.
Do you want to come?
You should come.
- Yeah. I'll come in a second.
- Yeah. it'll be fun.
Viena.
- I need to ask you something.
- What?
I'm getting a bit freaked
about Freddy.
Give him half of this.
Don't give him more than that.
What do you want?
Let me say one thing.
This Monroe guy is obviously
a crook and all. but
now. he wants to make money off
you guys. right?
Why don't you let him?
Say you open the concert. right?
People get to hear
the new music.
That'll be a good thing.
won't it?
I... I know. It's just...
Would you take the other half?
I don't really like pills.
For me?
Please.
Just give it a minute. okay?
What the fuck?
What're you doing?
Oh. you're so cute.
Every time I see you. I just...
I get pulled in by this...
this thing you have.
I feel you are so pure
that all I need to do is...
is hurt you.
Like I need to harm you
and see you suffering.
- Fuck you.
- Hey. hey.
Listen...
Listen.
I would never hurt you.
Okay? I'm just being honest.
Okay.
I'd never hurt you.
I want to tell you something.
I want you to hear me
when I say it.
Hmm?
I'm going to New York tomorrow
and I want you to come with me.
- What?
- Let's go.
You know. together.
You know. if I get to go there
it'll be everything
I've dreamt about for years.
So will you come?
- Hi.
- Oh. hey!
So I'm going to New York.
Alright.
- What about us?
- I don't know.
What's wrong?
I just found out there's
not enough money
coming in from New York.
You know. so it seems like
you can't come.
Okay.
- I can wait here.
- Fuck.
Let's get you packed.
Number of the hotel.
Call me Friday.
That should be enough
for these days.
Okay.
- You up for this?
- Yeah.
We are gonna miss you.
Are you gonna miss me?
I am sorry. I just...
I don't want to
see us kissing. okay?
You okay?
Why are you hanging out
in here by yourself?
I'm just in a bad mood.
Well. do you want to come over?
We're watching.
like. some stupid horror movie.
Keyes?
Hey. did I wake you?
No. What's up?
- Uh. I need a favor.
- What happened?
Nothing. I just.
I need you to do something.
Wait here a minute.
- Yeah!
- Thank you.
Yeah. thanks a lot.
Fuck off!
Well. I got 300.
Here. Hold that.
I dropped the bike!
- What?
- I dropped the bike!
I'm sorry.
Bitch.
- What?
- Bitch!
Yo. where the fuck
have you guys been?
Will you stay all night?
I don't like to be here alone.
I don't know.
I don't really like it here.
Please.
Stay.
Listen.
this is important. Please.
I just need to talk to Madge.
That's it.
Hello?
Where's Keyes?
Uh. he's out in the woods
somewhere.
What's going on with you two?
Uh...
Um. I'm gonna leave you
in charge
of the money for a bit. okay?
- Why? I mean. okay. but...
- I'll tell you later.
Hi.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
What?
I think we should leave.
Go where?
Anywhere.
Doesn't matter.
We just leave?
What if these guys hit it big?
They're never gonna make it.
And even if they do.
we don't need them.
You mean being together?
Viena!
We should go.
Mr. Keyes.
How is everything. man?
Yeah. I'm alright.
How about you?
Mm.
Looks great. Mm.
I tell you what.
Things are gonna change
around here.
Yeah?
Yeah. You can bet on it.
Listen. guys. I. uh...
I'm sorry about this. but...
we're gonna need to find
a solution to this situation.
Monroe. I want my money.
You want your money?
How much money do you want?
- Twelve weeks. A grand.
- Hm.
Okay.
Here you are.
Go on.
But now you're done.
Alright?
Alright.
Can I talk to her?
- Come on. man.
- What is it?
- What's the problem?
You just stay right here
and let me talk to her.
It's okay. I'm not a wolf.
I'm not the big. bad wolf.
I'm just gonna talk to her.
Okay? Just talk.
You okay. Keyes?
Hey.
- Hi.
So look...
I got a crazy kid
on my hands.
You know. you messed him up.
I know. You know.
You think you can
come talk to him for...
- No. no...
- Hey. hey. hey. Keyes.
I'm talking about talking.
That's it.
Okay?
Hey.
What do you think?
You gonna go talk to him for me?
Just talk?
Think we can go do it now?
Yeah?
Good.
Okay. sweetheart.
Let's do it.
Keyes.
Come on. We need to talk.
Freddy.
You should come with us.
We're gonna get drinks.
He's not gonna let you in.
Hop in the back.
- I'm not gonna do it.
- Smash her fucking world.
- I'm not gonna fucking do it.
- Yes. you fucking are.
I need to look after him.
Can you buy the drinks?
Two whiskeys and two tequilas.
So. you with the rock band?
Yeah.
You okay?
Hey.
Thank you so much.
You want to get in with us?
Go on.
That's good. That's good.
That's good.
- Drink it.
- I don't want anymore. Please.
- Just drink.
- Please.
What do you think
we're doing now. hm?
Drink. Now.
Fucking drink now. More.
Good girl.
No. Make her take it.
Drink.
More!
Ah. you fucked up.
Gotta restore order.
I didn't fuck up.
...the whole team goes down.
We gotta do something.
We gotta. um...
restore order.
And. uh...
And you...
...we need you to help us.
Help us be strong.
And I need you to not say no.
Do you understand?
Open it up.
You okay?
- Yeah.
You gotta come with me now.
okay?
My plan is to get the
money they owe me and I'll start
making those bracelets
I was telling you about.
I should be able to sell them
anywhere. you know?
What's all the fuss about?
Just a bunch of bullshit
those guys do...
I... I need you to hear this.
How much longer
are we gonna be here for?
Shh.
Listen.
Listen to this.
You have any idea
how hard I work
to keep this band on its feet?
Do you know what I have to do
to keep this thing together?
Do you have any idea?
And you think you're special?
You can come and you can come
piss on my yard?
Do you think you're
fucking special?
Are you special?
I didn't mean to do anything.
Yet...
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
It's okay.
Shh. S...
Stop.
It's not about being sorry.
Now it's time... to fix it.
I'll leave you.
I wish I could be as
composed as he is.
All of his thoughts
in perfect order.
He's a brilliant man.
Here. Drink.
- I don't want to.
- I know you don't want to.
There.
Please. Please.
Okay. just one more.
I said take a fucking drink.
Good girl.
Just do whatever
he fucking says.
Monroe says
we should calm down.
He gave me these.
You should take these.
No. no. no. no. no.
It's okay. It's okay.
Just please take them.
Here you go.
Please do it.
There you go. there you go.
You're gonna be okay.
Hey. this is what you wanted.
isn't it?
How many did she take?
- I don't know. two. three?
- That's bullshit. Freddy.
How many did you take?
You're gonna drink this.
As much as you can.
I know.
You gotta throw up those pills
before they take hold.
Is she okay?
You got it out of your stomach.
That's a good thing.
but you need to stay awake.
Okay.
Don't let her fall asleep.
Freddy. Okay.
You still have
a lot in your system.
If you fall sleep. it could be
very. very dangerous.
Okay.
Keep your eyes open.
You're a fucking idiot. Freddy!
This is how you wanna get
fucking famous?
Shh...
What made you go...
You okay?